Gensokyo.
A land of fantasy and phantasm.
It was a normal day.
And a normal day for Gensokyo meant it was an incident day.
The sky.
It was shattered into pieces. A gaping hole, like if the sky was nothing more than a glass dome.
Three residents of the land decided to take actions.

//////////////////////////////////////////////////

--PLAYABLE CHARACTER--

----Reimu Hakurei : The Shrine Maiden of the Dreamland----

Species: Human
Ability: Capable of floating in the air

Keeper of the Great Hakurei Barrier, she is too keep order and balance in Gensokyo.
She was obviously the first one on the move when the sky broke. Never has she seen a tear that big in the barrier.


----Marisa Kirisama : The Totally Normal and Sane Magician----

Species: Human
Ability: Capable of using magic

Ordinary human living in the forest, she lives a quiet but active life.
At first, she was mesmerized but the broken sky. The hole was dyed by the deepest of dark, like a starless night sky.
But what kind of night sky can exists without stars?


----Sanae Kochiya : The Wind Priestess of the Mountain----

Species: Living God
Ability: Capable of causing miracles

Shrine Maiden of the Moriya Shrine, she is still actively trying to suppress all form of her common sense.
When the sky broke, the Central god told her to go do something about it. Sanae will never say no to an occasion to be a hero.


//////////////////////////////////////////////////

--BOSS--

----Stag1 1 Boss: The Red Delicious Youkai Girl----

Apple Girlington

Species: Youkai (Apple)
Ability: Capable of making apple grow


There is a lot of different type of Youkai. Flower Youkai, winter Youkai, gap Youkai and of course...apple Youkai.

Apple spends most of her time growing apples and trying to offer them to random people, those people being other Youkai, Humans or even lower gods.
She is very insistent, and her rushed grown apple not the tastier, so everyone just try to avoid her.
"All of Gensokyo residents will one day know the taste of the fruit of my labor!" she claims.

Maybe, one day, she will stop making apples for recognition, but for herself.
If that day ever comes, trust me, I will be the first one to take a bite out of one of them.


----Stage 2 Boss: The Crustacean with a Human Face----

Serene Heikegani
 
Species: Heikegani
Ability: Capable of cutting hair


Back in the twelfth century, a battle oppossing the Heike clan and the Genji clan took place in a narrow strait separating Honshū and Kyūshū.
While the Heike first had the upper hand, they ultimately realized defeate was unavoidable. The surving Heike flung themselves into the sea to drown 
rather than be captured, their heart full of enmity for their enemy.

Their grudge was so powerful, that it is said that all the crabs in the area since then bear rancour for the Genji Clan, explaining why their shell
are imprinted with the scowling face of a samurai.

Serene is one of those crabs.
But for unexplainable reason, she did not bear any grudge on anything or anyone.
A grudge-less grudge Youkai is basically a Youkai with no reason to exists, so she had trouble finding her place in Youkai society and was often left alone.

Eventually, when no-one seemed to care about her anymore, not even herself, she ended up in Gensokyo. 

The Misty Lake was obviously the goto place for her to stay.
In a society of Heikegani, being a hairdresser is extremely common and unremarkable, but in a lake with diversed type of Youkai, it suddenly became 
her biggest strenght. Youkai in Gensokyo care a lot about looking special and cool, so her skills were extremely appreciated.
She became somewhat popular amongst weaker Youkai.

For the first time in her life, she felt like her existence had a purpose.


----Stage 3 Boss: The Average Fan Enjoyer----

Pale Fanhead

Species: Tsukumogami (Electric fan)
Ability: Capable of making objects spin


Native to the Outside World, she came to Gensokyo alongside the Moriyas when they move in. Of course back then, she was but a simple mindless device. 
She was a very old model, an antique. Because of that, she was eventually sent in a storage room and then forgotten over time.

But one day, during a certain incident, a great amount of magical power turn her into a Tsukumogami, just like many other tool all over Gensokyo.
Feeling like she wasn't needed anymore, she left the shrine. While she respected the Moriya, she never tried to make any contact with them.
Since then, she mostly roams around, playing pranks to humans, while avoiding going around Youkai Mountain.

She's really expressive, curious, silly and protective.

When the sky broke, she got curious and wanted to get a closer look. So for the second time since she gain consciousness, she went to and over the mountain. 
It is there, high up in the sky, that she met a very impatient human girl...


----Stage 4 Midboss: The Oarfish Living in the Clouds----

Iku Nagae

Species: Youkai (Oarfish)
Ability: Capable of reading the atmosphere

Messenger of the Dragon Palace, she is to watch over Gensokyo's atmosphere and weather. 

When the rain started to fall, she immediately noticed something was off.
She tried to warn the protagonist, but the latter shoot her down because what else was she going to do?

The rain and the broken sky being caused by one and the same person, her help wasn't needed anyway.


----Stage 4 Boss: The Bootleg Magician From Another World----

Yuuto Ichika

Species: Japanese
Ability: Capable of using telekinesis and magic


No, this is not Patchouli. Her name is Yuuto Ichika, a young magician trying to overcome her statue as a bootleg. 
She travels through worlds, looking for her missing mother, while learning news spells and making new friends along the way.
Because of a promise she made, she also sets off to become the strongest magician.

One day, in the hope of finding her mom, she wonders in an strange world inhabited by anthropomorphic animals. Everybody apparently just wanted to pick a 
fight with everybody out there, so she joined the brawl.
For some unknown reason, a lot of other worlds had collided together, bringing people of all kind, and linking different places together.
Turns out, Gensokyo was one of those, so some of it resident were there, including Reimu. 

Once the culprit of the animal realm incident defeated, Reimu sealed off all the portals linking the two worlds...while Yuuto was wondering in Gensokyo.
Lucky for her, she had made friend with a Celestial during all of those fights and she invited her to stay to Heaven for a while.

Yuuto normally doesn't have much issue going from a world to another, but for some reason, Gensokyo's barrier prevented her to leave the place.
She was about to descend from Heaven to look for Reimu, as an earthquake struck the whole of Bhavaagra. A giant boat has fallen from the sky and has
landed on top of the highest of Heaven's peak, while piercing and breaking the barrier in the process.
Panic in Heaven ensue.
The catastrophes didn't stop there, as torrential rains then started to pour down. Yuuto lost sight of the Celestial because of it.

But while roaming outside in the rain, she did stumble upon someone else...


----Stage 5 Boss: The Roving White Dove----

Feza

Species: Patriarch (Dove)
Ability: Capable of finding land


She was but a simple dove, Nua's first pet.

One day, a god reached for Nua and gave her a mission and a huge amount of power to accomplish it.
That power "leaked" on Feza, giving her a small fraction of that god-like power.

Of course, she was one of the pet Nua saved during the flood the latter accidentally started.

The nameless place is one where time and space doesn't makes perfect sense, and has the side effect of "equalizing" or "purify" everything in it.
Material living beings that stay in it for multiple years will lose any way to live or to die, so they just...exists and stop aging.
Being that have reached that state are called Patriarch. It's actually Nua that invented the term, since she's the first one to ever reach it.

Once Feza reached that state too, coupled with the power she once recieved a long time ago, she gained the ability to maintain a human form.
She is the only one of Nua's pet to be able to do so.

Using her ability, she helps Nua to find a new Home for her and all of her pets. She is in charge of keeping tracks of where they already went, and to find
potential habitable worlds.
You could call her a cartographer.

Feza has a pretty strict temperament, she likes when things follow a plan. It's sometimes a chore for her to deal with Nua's personality.
But despit that, she still stays her most devoted pet.

When the Great Ark was damaged, she briefly saw the thing they collided with: a Leviathan! Or at least it looked like one.

Once they sunk into Gensokyo, she was tasked to fix the damage done to the ship as fast as possible.
After the reparations, on the way back, she founds a hasty human roaming inside the Ark...


----Stage 6 Boss: The World-Flooding Wanderer----

Nua Kozui

Species: Patriarch (Human)
Ability: Capable of causing floods

A long, long time ago, in a different world, existed a planet very similar, yet different to Earth.
This planet was also populated by humans, had a similar History, had similar religion, but it wasn't the Earth as we know it. 
And on this planet, lived a normal little human girl: Nua.

Her life was a rather simple one. She would spend a lot of time with animals, as she felt closed to them than to other people.

But one day, a god reached for her. 
That god pretended to be the one who created the world and asked her to fix Humanity's misdeeds, or else they will destroy everything. 
Nua was confused. She asked: why? why her? how? Ignoring the questions, the god gave her the "Great Power", in her own word, and left.

Of course, a little girl couldn't possibly make up for the whole of Humanity.
She tried, but who would believe a little girl claiming to have seen God?

She thought that maybe, the power the god lended to her was the one of "Hope" or "Forgiveness", or something similar.
It wasn't the case. She realized her world was doomed.
Filled with anger and grief, she accidentally found out what the "Great Power" was really all about.

It was the one of cleanse worlds. To flood it until there is nothing left.

Once the flood ended after forty days, the only thing left on the whole universe was Nua, her pets and the raft they were on, floating over 
trillion of liter of water.

The god came back. The results wasn't the one they expected.
They took Nua out of the dead world.

Since then, she has been living in the nameless place, where the god creates worlds, sailing from bubbles to bubbles.

With the help of the god, she looks for another habitable world with habitable planets. 
Over her explorations, she discovered many different species of animals, some with unimaginable evolutionary lineage.
When she found an injured one, or one living on a dying ecosystem, she would take them with her as a pet.

Nua herself is pretty easy-going and childish, and likes to get herself drunk, but she knows when to get serious when the situation asks for it.
Her in-game appearance make it hard to tell, but she is a rather mature looking woman.

A few minutes before the game's event, the Great Ark was venturing on Gensokyo's bubble for the first time. Nua quickly noticed they were sailing on unusual sea. 
Something then suddenly collided with the ship, causing important damage to the latter. 
There was nothing that could be done, they were sinking into the bubble. Gensokyo's barrier couldn't handle the weight of the titanic boat, so it broke under it
pressure.
The ship landed on Bhavaagra, causing a massive earthquake (or is it a skyquake?) and panick in Heaven.

Nua knew there is only one way to take the Ark out of this place: flooding this world entirely.
She sent her pets fixing the damage, while she started the world-destroying flood.

But what she didn't expect, was an inhabitant of this world coming to try to stop her...


----Extra Stage Boss: The Being Called By Many Names----

Reverence U'n-Llisardggy

Species: God (Kotoamatsukami)
Ability: Capable of creating worlds


In the beginning, around 13.8 billion years ago, a god created the known universe.
That god was a very special one, a Kotoamatsukami, one of the first to ever exists.

Through history, different religions gave a lot of different names to the concept of creation.
But her one and only name is Reverence U'n-Llisardggy.

Humans like to think everything was created for them, or at least it was actively made by this greater force.
It is not so.
Reverence creates universes inside bubbles, floating in a nameless infinite non euclidean space.
But her implication stops there, she doesn't knows what's inside the bubble she blows, unless she goes inside. Everything happening inside is just a
consequence of whatever laws of physics the place follows.
Bubbles will sometimes regroupe themseves into cluster, linking those worlds directly. For Exemple, the Outside World, the Dream World and Gensokyo are all separated bubbles, 
but since they are part of the same cluster, one can "easily" go from one to another.


A few thousands years ago, for the first time, someone managed to leave the bubble they were living in.
This someone was a human-looking lady with creepy eyes. 
The lady came to ask her to create a world just for her. Obviously, Reverence refused, but said she won't stop her from trying herself.
That's how Reverence has always been, she never got involved in anything, she is merely a spectator of her own creations.

The lady went and came, trying to create a world of her own multiple times.
One day, she succeeded, much to Reverence surprise.


A long time before those events, back in the immemorial times, she would spend a lot of times visiting the worlds she created.
During those times, she went through billions of differents places and saw a billions of differents form of Life.

But one day, she stumbled upon a little rock. It was floating in the middle of space, covered with water and life.
It was Earth...but not really.
It was extremely similar to our planet: it had humans and societies but it was not the planet Earth we know.
And on it, she discovered something she never saw before. Hatred, War, violence. An unimaginable amount of pain emanating from a single rock.

She couldn't accept this.
Couldn't accept than she created, even indirectly, such imperfect creature.

So, for the first time, she decided to interfer with her creations.
She reached for a random human, a young girl, and asked her to solve all of Humanity misdeeds, for she'll destroy the whole of Humanity if she fails.
Well aware that this human couldn't just "do it", she gifted to her the power to do so.

The next time the two of them met, the young girl and her pet were alone on a raft, floating over her submerged universe.

Animals, plants, rocks, suns, stray molecules floating in space, to Reverence it's all the same: Life. She can feel and hear the feelings of every atomes.
She considers everything that exists deserve to exist, and have affection for every single piece of matter that is.
But she couldn't hear anything.
This whole world, the whole inside of the bubble, was dead. For the god, it was like losing trillions of trillions of childs.

And it was all because of Reverence's god complex.

Ashamed of her action, she took the human girl with her, popped the life-less bubble, and promised that she will not go inside another one of her
creations ever again.

Considering Nua as "her mistake", she tries to make up by helping her to find a new Home.


Sometimes, she will stare at the infinite nothingness of the nameless place, and wonder if all of this is contained in another bigger bubble... 




















